Below is a breakdown of the strategy code—in simple terms—that explains its parameters, overall logic, and how it’s designed to work using 45‑minute data (while also being viewable on a 15‑minute chart). Toward the end, I outline the key elements you’d need when converting this TradingView Pine Script into Python.

1. Parameters and Settings
Leverage:

Value: 30× per trade

What it does: This magnifies gains (and losses) by 30 times when using margin.

Entry Offset Multiplier:

Value: 0.01

What it does: Instead of executing at the exact current price, the strategy places a limit order with an offset. For long positions, it subtracts 0.01×ATR from the current price, and for short positions, it adds 0.01×ATR. This slight improvement may help secure a better entry.

Risk (Margin) per Trade:

Desired Risk: 10% of your portfolio on margin

What it implies: When using margin, you want the trade size or position size to be such that the maximum risk is limited to 10% of your portfolio value. (In a Python bot, you’d compute the margin amount as 10% of your portfolio and then size your position accordingly.)

ATR Trailing Stop Multiplier:

Value: 4.0

What it does: Once a position is entered, the exit is protected by a trailing stop set at 4×ATR away from the highest (for long) or lowest (for short) price reached. This helps lock in profits while leaving room for typical price fluctuations.

Linear Regression Lookback (for ARIMA Signal):

Value: 32 bars (45‑minute candles)

What it does: This lookback period is chosen because 32 bars of 45‑minute data approximate one trading day. The linear regression forecast is calculated over this period and is used as a proxy for an ARIMA forecast.

2. Overall Strategy Logic
Data Resolution and Multi-Timeframe Approach:

The strategy uses 45‑minute data for its calculations (via TradingView’s request.security call).

Although the script is built on 45‑minute candles, many traders view it on a 15‑minute chart. This means that while the underlying 45‑minute data (and thus the signals) are updated only every 45 minutes, the chart updates more frequently (every 15 minutes)—which can improve visual analysis and early notification of changes.

Signal Generation (ARIMA-Style Forecast):

A linear regression is calculated over the past 32 bars of 45‑minute candles. This regression serves as a forecast for the next 45‑minute period.

Long Signal: Generated when the forecast (lrForecast) is above the current 45‑minute close.

Short Signal: Generated when the forecast is below the current 45‑minute close.

Entry Price Calculation:

For a long entry, the strategy places a limit order at:

ini
Copy
long_order_price = close - (0.01 * atr14)
That is, 0.01 ATR below the current price.

For a short entry, the order is placed at:

ini
Copy
short_order_price = close + (0.01 * atr14)
meaning 0.01 ATR above the current price.

Risk Buffer Check:

The strategy calculates a hypothetical liquidation level based on the entry order price and ensures there is at least a 1.25 ATR buffer.

For long positions:

ini
Copy
long_hypothetical_liq = long_order_price * (1 - 1/leverage)
and then it checks that:

scss
Copy
(long_order_price - long_hypothetical_liq) ≥ (1.25 * atr14)
The short condition is analogous.

Order Submission:

If the signal (long or short) and the risk check conditions are satisfied—and if no position is already open—the strategy submits a limit order at the calculated entry price.

Trailing Stop and Liquidation Exit:

Once in a position, a trailing stop is applied. The stop is set 4 ATR away from the highest (for longs) or lowest (for shorts) price seen.

An additional liquidation exit check is included so that if the price moves within a minimal distance (based on a liquidation offset), the position is closed.

3. How It Works with 45‑Minute Data and a 15‑Minute Chart
Underlying Data:
The code explicitly requests 45‑minute candle data for its calculations (such as the ARIMA forecast and the ATR).

Chart Resolution:
Even though your chart might display 15‑minute candles, the strategy’s calculations remain based on the 45‑minute resolution. This multi-timeframe approach means the higher-level signal (using 45‑minute data) is smoother and less noisy, while the chart still updates frequently.

Live Trading Feasibility:
This is a common multi-timeframe setup in TradingView. The strategy recalculates every 15 minutes (if that’s your chart timeframe), but the critical values (like the ARIMA forecast) only update when a new 45‑minute candle is confirmed. This can be very effective in practice because it captures the directional bias on a higher timeframe while allowing you to monitor more granular price action.

4. Key Elements for Converting This Code to Python
When converting the TradingView Pine Script strategy to Python, you will need to replicate the following components:

Data Retrieval:

Use an API (or your own data feed) to obtain historical OHLC data at the desired resolution (45‑minute candles).

Even if you display on a 15‑minute chart, ensure your Python code is using 45‑minute data for signal calculation.

Indicator Calculations:

Moving Averages (EMA): Use libraries like Pandas or TA‑Lib to compute EMA9 and EMA21.

RSI and MACD: Calculate RSI (14), MACD (12, 26, 9) using your chosen technical analysis library.

ADX via DMI: Compute ADX from DMI indicators.

ATR: Compute the ATR (e.g., 14 period) to capture volatility.

Linear Regression Forecast:

You can use a linear regression function (from libraries like NumPy or SciPy) on the close prices over a lookback period (e.g., 32 bars) and forecast one period ahead (by extrapolating the linear regression line).

Signal Logic:

In Python, implement the conditions for long and short signals based on the ARIMA-like forecast versus the current price.

Apply risk checks (e.g., 1.25 ATR buffer between order price and liquidation level).

Order Management:

Entry Orders:

Compute entry limit prices using
entry_price = current_price - (0.01 * atr) for long trades (and similarly for short trades).

Submit limit orders via the trading API.

Stop-Loss / Trailing Stop Orders:

Implement trailing stops using a multiplier of 4 ATR.

Continuously monitor price movement (using your algorithm or event-driven framework) to adjust the trailing stop.

Liquidation Exit:

Set logic to force an exit if the price breaches the liquidation threshold.

Risk Management:

Calculate the appropriate position size such that only 10% of your portfolio’s margin is risked per trade.

This involves computing the notional value of the position based on your margin availability (e.g., Portfolio Value * 0.10) and the price.

Live Execution & Multi-Timeframe Considerations:

For live trading, ensure your Python code is running a loop or using an event-driven system to fetch new data and recalculate signals every 15 minutes (if that’s your chosen update frequency), while keeping the signal logic based on 45‑minute aggregated data.

Integrate your Python code with a broker’s API to send the limit orders and to track order status.

Logging & Monitoring:

Implement logging (using Python’s logging module) similar to the logger.info() calls in Pine Script.

Monitor positions, realized and unrealized P/L, and risk metrics.

Summary
Strategy Summary:

Uses 45‑minute data to calculate a linear regression forecast (as an ARIMA proxy) over 32 bars (≈1 day).

Generates long signals when the forecast is above the current price and short signals when below.

Places limit orders at an entry price offset by 0.01 ATR from the current price.

Applies risk management via a 1.25 ATR buffer check and uses 30× leverage.

Employs a trailing stop at 4 ATR to protect the trade, while risking 10% of the portfolio margin per trade.

Execution Environment:

Although the calculations use 45‑minute data, the strategy works well on a 15‑minute chart in TradingView because the higher‑timeframe calculations update less frequently, smoothing out noise.

Python Conversion:

You would need to replicate indicator calculations (EMA, RSI, MACD, ADX, ATR, linear regression) using libraries (Pandas, NumPy, TA‑Lib).

Build order submission, trailing stop, and risk management logic using your broker’s API.

Incorporate multi-timeframe data handling (fetch 45‑minute data while updating on a 15‑minute cycle) if desired.

This breakdown covers all aspects of the Pine Script version and provides guidance on what you’d need to implement the same strategy in Python for live trading.